How do I become a subscriber or give a gift subscription to a friend?

Find the subscription that best fits your needs here.

How do I get a New Yorker tote bag?

New subscribers receive a New Yorker tote bag as a gift with purchase. More details regarding the tote bag can be found on the New Yorker order form.

Which credit cards do you accept?

We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, and Diners Club.

Do you take any forms of payment besides credit cards?

We also accept PayPal, Apple Pay, and Amazon Pay. Alternatively, checks can be mailed to The New Yorker, P.O. Box 37684, Boone, IA 50037-0684.

Can I get a receipt?

You can get a receipt by calling 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States).

When do you charge me?

Credit cards are charged upon receipt of orders. It may take two to three days for the charge to appear on your credit-card statement. Before the start of each renewal, you will be sent a reminder notice stating the term and rate then in effect that will be charged to your payment account.

How do I cancel my subscription?

You can cancel your subscription (or a gift subscription) at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

If I cancel my subscription, when does the cancellation go into effect?

The cancellation will go into effect immediately, but please keep in mind that we date our magazines a few weeks ahead of time, so you may receive one or two additional issues.

If I cancel my subscription, do I get a refund?

Yes. You will receive a prorated refund based on the number of undelivered copies.

If I cancel my subscription, do I still have digital access?

After you cancel your subscription, you will have limited access at newyorker.com. You will be able to enjoy the home page, section pages, the video hub, Goings On About Town listings, and a limited number of articles per month. You will also have access to a limited number of articles per month on the New Yorker Today app. The archive is available to paid subscribers only. You will continue to have access to your old issues through the New Yorker Magazine app. If your subscription is reinstated, full digital access will resume.

How can I cancel my print subscription and continue with digital only?
You can change your subscription by calling 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States).

Does my subscription entitle me to access newyorker.com, the archives, and apps?
Yes. All subscriptions include full digital access. If you are having trouble with digital access, please call 800-967-2082 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States).

How do I see how many issues I have left in my print subscription or how much time I have left for my digital subscription?

You can view the details of your subscription (or a gift subscription) at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

How do I temporarily suspend my subscription?

You can temporarily suspend your subscription (or a gift subscription) at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

If I suspend my print subscription, do I still get access to newyorker.com, the archive, and New Yorker mobile apps?

During the time that your subscription is suspended, you will have limited access to newyorker.com. You will be able to enjoy the home page, section pages, the video hub, Goings On About Town listings, and a limited number of articles per month. You will also have access to a limited number of articles per month on the New Yorker Today app. The archive is available to active subscribers only. You will continue to have access to your old issues through the New Yorker magazine app. When your subscription is reinstated, full digital access will resume.

How do I change my delivery address?

You can change your delivery address at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

How do I renew my existing New Yorker subscription?

You can renew your existing subscription at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

How do I report missing or damaged issues?

You can report missing or damaged issues at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

How do I report a missing or damaged tote bag?

You can report a missing or damaged tote bag by calling a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mailing help@newyorker.com.

How do I update my payment information associated with my subscription?

You can update your payment information at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

Why do I need to provide a mailing address for a digital subscription?

Should your e-mail address ever become undeliverable, we will use your street address as an alternate means of notification for your subscription.

Back to top

NEWYORKER.COM AND DIGITAL ACCESS

Where can I access newyorker.com?

On Web browsers on any desktop computer, laptop, tablet, or smartphone.

Which browsers work best for viewing newyorker.com?

For best results, use the latest version of Chrome, Safari, or Firefox.

Is newyorker.com available on mobile and tablet devices?

The New Yorker Today app, available for free in the App Store, is the best way to stay on top of all of The New Yorker’s offerings. Download it to your phone or tablet for a daily blend of in-depth reporting, political commentary, cultural criticism, and humor; also read each week’s issue as soon as it becomes available and browse past issues. App users can opt to receive alerts on breaking news and other significant pieces from the magazine and Web site. For step-by-step instructions on how to download and use the Today app, see here. For readers seeking a digital edition of the print magazine, see here.

Are all New Yorker articles available on newyorker.com?

Every issue of the magazine since its founding, in 1925, is available in a digital-replica format—to subscribers only—at archives.newyorker.com. Additionally, every story published for the magazine and for the Web since 2007 is available on newyorker.com in a standard Web format.

Do I need a subscription to access newyorker.com?

Our Web-only content (ten to fifteen new stories each day) and the full contents of each week’s magazine, plus everything published since 2007 and select older magazine stories, are available on newyorker.com. All readers are able to enjoy the home page, section pages, the video hub, Goings On About Town listings, and a limited number of articles per month at no charge before being asked to subscribe. Subscribers enjoy unlimited access to newyorker.com. To learn more about our paywall, see this note from our editors.

I am a current subscriber. How do I get access past the paywall on newyorker.com?

All subscribers have unlimited access to newyorker.com and our mobile apps. Sign in with your e-mail and password.

If you do not have a newyorker.com log-in, you can create one here. You will be asked to enter your e-mail address and create a password. If we cannot verify that you have an active subscription based on your e-mail address, you may need to enter your subscription account number or mailing address.

I’m signed in, but am still seeing the paywall. What do I do?

If you sign in and continue to hit the paywall, it is either because your subscription has expired or because the e-mail and password you logged in with are not yet associated with your subscription. You can check which of those is the case by visiting Customer Care to check your account details.

If you have a newyorker.com log-in but it is not currently associated with an active subscription, you can associate your subscription with your log-in here.

If you have any trouble signing in or linking your subscription, please contact us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

I’m trying to create an account, but I get an error that my subscription is already associated with a log-in. What do I do?

If your subscription is already associated with a log-in, you just need to sign in here. If you cannot remember which e-mail address is associated with your subscription, please contact us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

I’m trying to complete my log-in creation by entering my mailing address on the “Link My Subscription” page, but I get an error that there is no subscription associated with my address. What do I do?

Please make sure that the address you entered is the exact address associated with your subscription. If you have a Canadian address, please make sure to enter your postal code without any spaces. If you bought a digital-only subscription in an app on an iPhone, Android, or Kindle device, you will need to link your digital subscription in that app on that device. (Instructions are below.) If you have any trouble, please contact us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

How do I make changes to my e-mail address or password?

You can visit the newyorker.com profile page to manage your newyorker.com account information, including your e-mail address and password.

I forgot my password, or need to reset it. How can I do that?

You can reset your password here.

Why does newyorker.com not keep me signed in?

When you sign in on newyorker.com, be sure to click the check box that says “Keep me logged in.” This will insure that we remember your log-in on that browser and device for a year instead of thirty days. You must have cookies enabled on your browser for us to remember your log-in.

Please be aware that social-media applications, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, use their own browsers. So does Google amp (Accelerated Mobile Pages). Each of these is a different log-in environment that The New Yorker does not control. For example, if you’re on Twitter and you click on a New Yorker story on your phone, it will open in Twitter’s in-app browser (the same with Facebook, Google amp, etc.). Each has varying levels of ability to retain log-in information (or “cookies”), which means that you may be prompted to log in again to continue reading. Newyorker.com and the New Yorker Today app retain log-in credentials for one year, so we recommend reading us in one of these places for the most seamless experience.

What does it mean to “link my subscription,” and why do I need to do so?

If you are logged in, but have not yet associated your subscription with your log-in information, you may need to link your subscription to verify that you have an active account.

I bought my subscription in the New Yorker Magazine app or the New Yorker Today app on my iPhone or iPad. How do I get my unlimited access to newyorker.com and archives.newyorker.com?

Immediately after you purchased a subscription in the app, you were asked to create a newyorker.com log-in. If you did not create a newyorker.com log-in at that time, you can still do so.

If you purchased your subscription through the New Yorker Today app:

Go to the Settings tab in the Today app.
Under Account, you should see “Sign In” and “Create Account.” (If you do not see “Create Account” and instead see “Restore Your Purchases,” please tap “Restore Your Purchases.”)
If you previously created a newyorker.com account, please tap “Sign In” and enter your e-mail and password. If you have not previously created a newyorker.com account, please tap “Create Account” and create a new e-mail and password.
You will then be able to use your newyorker.com log-in to sign in on our mobile apps, newyorker.com, and archives.newyorker.com.
If you purchased your subscription through the New Yorker Magazine app:

Go to the My Account tab in the Magazine app.
Tap “Get newyorker.com access” and create a new e-mail and password. If you have previously created a log-in, you can tap the “Already have a log-in at newyorker.com?” link to enter your existing e-mail and password.
You will then be able to use your newyorker.com log-in to sign in on our mobile apps, newyorker.com, and archives.newyorker.com.
I purchased a New Yorker subscription on Google Play. Does that grant me access to newyorker.com and other platforms?

If you subscribed directly from Google, you are entitled to newyorker.com access. We are working with Google to fix the current account-linking flow. In the meantime, please call us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com to get access.

I purchased a New Yorker subscription on a Kindle Fire. Does that grant me access to newyorker.com and other platforms?

If you subscribed directly from Amazon on a Kindle Fire, you might have access if you created an e-mail address and password when you purchased your subscription. If you need assistance, please call us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

I purchased a New Yorker subscription on my Nook Color Tablet. Does that grant me access to newyorker.com and other platforms?

No. If you purchased a subscription directly from Barnes & Noble, you are not given access to newyorker.com and other platforms. If you have questions, please call us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

I purchased a subscription on the Texture app. Does that grant me access to newyorker.com and other platforms?

No. If you purchased a subscription directly from Texture, you are not given access to newyorker.com and other platforms. If you have questions, please call us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

I purchased a subscription on the Zinio app. Does that grant me access to newyorker.com and other platforms?

No. If you purchased a subscription directly from Zinio, you are not given access to newyorker.com and other platforms. If you have questions, please call us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

Back to top

THE NEW YORKER TODAY APP FOR iPHONE AND iPAD

How do I download the New Yorker Today app?

Search for “The New Yorker Today” in the App Store. Download and install the app on your iOS device, then tap on the icon to open it.

Do I need a subscription to access the app?

The app is free to download. Non-subscribers may access a limited number of articles each month. New subscriptions are available on a monthly or annual basis, and include a thirty-day free trial. Most current New Yorker subscribers have unlimited access to the app as part of their existing subscriptions.

As an active subscriber who subscribed on newyorker.com, how do I get unlimited access in the New Yorker Today app?

Go to the Settings tab in the Today app.
If you already have a newyorker.com log-in, tap “Sign in” and enter your e-mail and password. If, after signing in, you still see an option in the Settings tab to “Link your subscription,” then you still need to verify that you have an active subscription. Tap the “Link your subscription” link and follow the instructions.
If you do not have a newyorker.com log-in, tap “Link your subscription,” enter your subscription details, and create an e-mail and password.
Once that is complete, you will be able to sign in on both mobile apps, newyorker.com, and archives.newyorker.com with the log-in information that you just created, and you will be granted unlimited access.
I bought a digital-only subscription through The New Yorker Magazine on my iPad or iPhone. How do I get unlimited access in the New Yorker Today app?

If you purchased your subscription through the New Yorker Magazine app on your iPhone or iPad, you were asked to create a newyorker.com log-in immediately after purchasing. You can use that log-in to sign in to the New Yorker Today app. If you did not create a newyorker.com log-in immediately after purchase, you still can do so:

Open the New Yorker Magazine app.
Go to the My Account tab in the Magazine app.
Tap “Get newyorker.com access” and create a new e-mail and password. If you have previously created a log-in, you can tap the “Already have a log-in at newyorker.com?” link to enter your existing e-mail and password.
You will then be able to use your newyorker.com log-in to sign in to the New Yorker Today app (as well as newyorker.com and archives.newyorker.com).
I subscribed through the New Yorker Today app. Why should I create a newyorker.com log-in?

If you subscribe through The New Yorker Today, you are eligible for unlimited access to articles on newyorker.com, as well as the full New Yorker archive at archives.newyorker.com. However, you will not be able to access either of those unless you follow the instructions to create a newyorker.com log-in.

I subscribed through the New Yorker Today app. How do I create a newyorker.com log-in?

Immediately after you purchased a subscription in the app, you were asked to create a newyorker.com log-in. If you did not create a newyorker.com log-in at that time, you can still do so.

Go to the Settings tab in the Today app.
Under Account, you should see “Sign In” and “Create Account.” (If you do not see “Create Account” and instead see “Restore Your Purchases,” please tap “Restore Your Purchases.”)
If you previously created a newyorker.com account, please tap “Sign In” and enter your e-mail and password. If you have not previously created a newyorker.com account, please tap “Create Account” and create a new e-mail and password.
You will then be able to use your newyorker.com log-in to sign in on our mobile apps, newyorker.com, and archives.newyorker.com.
How can I cancel my app access?

If you subscribed in the New Yorker Today iPhone or iPad app, cancellation instructions can be found here. If you are an active subscriber who subscribed on newyorker.com, you can cancel your subscription (or a gift subscription) at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

Back to top

THE NEW YORKER MAGAZINE ON iPHONE, iPAD, KINDLE FIRE, ANDROID, AND NOOK

Is the New Yorker magazine available on mobile and tablet devices?

The New Yorker Today app, which includes each week’s issue in full, is the best way to stay on top of all of The New Yorker’s offerings. A replica of The New Yorker’s print edition is also available on a wide range of devices via the App Store, the Google Play Store, Amazon Newsstand, and the Nook bookstore. The New Yorker Magazine apps on these devices are designed for reading issues offline once they have downloaded. An Internet connection is required for some features.

Do I need a subscription to access New Yorker Magazine apps on an iPhone, an iPad, a Kindle Fire, an Android, or a Nook?

Yes. You can also purchase a subscription to The New Yorker on these devices.

How do I download the New Yorker Magazine app?

• iPad/iPhone: Search for “The New Yorker Magazine” in the App Store. Download and install the app on your device, then tap on the icon to open it.

• Kindle Fire (second generation), Kindle Fire HD, and Kindle Fire HDX: Search for “The New Yorker” in the Newsstand Store. Tap on the cover.

• Android phones and tablets: Download the Google News app if you haven’t done so already. Tap on the “Newsstand” option at the bottom right of the screen in the Google News app. Search for “The New Yorker” and add the magazine cover.

• Nook: Search for “The New Yorker” on your Nook. Install the app on your device.

How do I get unlimited access to the New Yorker magazine on iPhone or iPad?

If you already have a newyorker.com log-in associated with an active subscription, tap “Sign In” on the Library screen and enter your e-mail and password.
If you are a subscriber but do not have a newyorker.com log-in, you can verify your subscription and create a log-in here.
If you do not have an active New Yorker subscription, you can purchase a subscription here or in the app.
How do I get unlimited access to the New Yorker magazine on the Kindle Fire (second generation)?

If you already have a subscription, tap the “Verify your subscription” link on the New Yorker magazine page in the Newsstand Store.
If you already have a newyorker.com log-in associated with an active subscription, enter your e-mail and password.
If you are a subscriber but do not have a newyorker.com log-in, you can enter your account number and Zip Code.
The current issue should begin downloading immediately, and your back issues will appear in the Cloud tab of your Newsstand.
If you do not have an active New Yorker subscription, you can purchase a subscription here or in the Newsstand Store.
How do I get unlimited access to the New Yorker magazine on my Android phone or tablet?

If you already have a subscription, tap the “Already a subscriber? Activate your account” link on the New Yorker magazine page in the Google News app.
When it asks you if you want to continue to the Web site to verify your subscription, tap “Continue.”
If you already have your subscription linked, you can enter your e-mail and password and tap “Continue” to get access. If you don’t have a subscription linked, tap “Set up your account.” There, you can enter your magazine account number and Zip Code. You will then be asked to create a username (e-mail address) and password. (You can enter your existing log-in if you already have one.)
Tap “Continue” once more to confirm your account and enjoy instant access.
If you do not have an active New Yorker subscription, you can purchase a subscription here or in the Google Play Store.
How do I get unlimited access to the New Yorker magazine on my Nook?

If you already have a subscription, order a monthly subscription to the New Yorker magazine in the Nook bookstore and begin your fourteen-day trial. (If you follow the instructions, you will not be charged.)
After you submit your order, you will receive an e-mail with instructions to redeem your offer for active magazine subscribers. Follow the instructions. You will need your print-subscription account number, typically listed on your mailing label.
If you do not have an active New Yorker subscription, you can purchase a subscription here or in the Nook bookstore.
After subscribing to The New Yorker on iPhone or iPad, I was asked to create a newyorker.com log-in. Why should I do that?

If you subscribe on the New Yorker Magazine app, you are eligible for unlimited access to articles on newyorker.com, and to the full New Yorker archive at archives.newyorker.com. To access either of those, follow the instructions to create a newyorker.com account. If you did not create a newyorker.com account immediately after purchase, you can still tap “Get newyorker.com Access” on the My Account tab of the New Yorker iPhone and iPad app to create a newyorker.com log-in.

Can I share stories from within the magazine app via e-mail or social media?

Yes, every story in our magazine app is shareable. The shared link will direct to the story on our Web site.

Can I get back issues of The New Yorker’s magazine app on my device?

Issues published prior to our launch date on each device are not available on that device. Our first iPad issue was October 4, 2010; our first Kindle Fire issue was November 14, 2011; our first Nook Color Tablet issue was December 12, 2011; our first iPhone issue was August 13 & 20, 2012; and our first issue available on Google Play was April 22, 2013. Subscribers can also visit archives.newyorker.com for digital access to everything published since 1925.

What should I do if my New Yorker iPhone or iPad app crashes?

For best performance, close other apps running in the background of your device. If problems persist, force-quit the app, then reopen it. If you’re still having trouble, try turning your device off and then back on. You can also try deleting and reinstalling the app. And, if none of that works, please let us know by calling 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mailing us at help@newyorker.com.

Back to top

THE NEW YORKER FEED IN GOOGLE NEWS AND FLIPBOARD

How can I access newyorker.com articles published in Google News?

The New Yorker news source in Google News is a continuously updating feed of all stories and cartoons from newyorker.com, optimized for viewing on an Android device. You can navigate the feed to suit your interests: choose the Current Issue header and you will find all articles and cartoons from the current issue of the magazine, with familiar typefaces from the print edition. To return to a story later, you can bookmark articles. To access new posts from newyorker.com, choose among subject headers such as Culture, News, Humor, and more, for fifteen to twenty new posts a day.

To enjoy unlimited access to The New Yorker in Google News:

Search for “The New Yorker” in Google News, and click on the Eustace Tilley icon for “The New Yorker News Source.”
If you already have a subscription, tap the “Verify your subscription” link.
If you already have a newyorker.com log-in associated with an active subscription, enter your e-mail and password.
If you are a subscriber but do not have a newyorker.com log-in, you can enter your account number and Zip Code.
If you do not have an active New Yorker subscription, you can purchase a subscription here or on The New Yorker’s Google News feed.
Do I need a subscription to access the New Yorker News Source in Google News?

The New Yorker feed is free to follow. Readers can enjoy a limited number of articles per month at no charge before being asked to subscribe. Subscriptions are available on a monthly or annual basis. Most current New Yorker subscribers have unlimited access to the feed as part of their existing subscriptions. Follow the current-subscriber instructions above to access The New Yorker on Google News using your current subscription.

How can I cancel my app access?

If you subscribed through Google Play Newsstand, you will need to cancel through your Google Play account. Instructions to do so can be found here. If you are an active subscriber who subscribed on newyorker.com, you can cancel your subscription (or a gift subscription) at our self-service Customer Care portal. Alternatively, you can call a Customer Service representative at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

How can I access newyorker.com articles published in Flipboard?

The New Yorker provides a continuously updating feed of all stories and cartoons from newyorker.com to Flipboard.

New Yorker subscribers can enjoy unlimited access to The New Yorker in the Flipboard app by following the directions below:

Tap the menu option in the Flipboard app.
Tap “Following” and then “Accounts.”
Scroll down and tap on The New Yorker.
If you have a newyorker.com account linked to an active subscription, enter your e-mail and password and tap “Sign In.” If you don’t have a newyorker.com account linked to an active subscription, tap “Link your subscription” and follow the directions to verify your subscription.
Do I need a subscription to access New Yorker articles in Flipboard?

The New Yorker feed is free to follow. Readers can enjoy a limited number of articles per month at no charge before being asked to subscribe. Subscriptions are available on a monthly or annual basis. Most current New Yorker subscribers have unlimited access to the feed as part of their existing subscriptions. Follow the current-subscriber instructions above to access The New Yorker in Flipboard using your current subscription.

Back to top

THE NEW YORKER ARCHIVE AT ARCHIVES.NEWYORKER.COM

What is archives.newyorker.com?

The archives are a digital replica of every issue of the magazine published since 1925. When you search for an article on newyorker.com that is available only in the replica format, you’ll get a summary of the article, along with a prompt to sign in or subscribe to see the full article. The archive is a subscriber-only benefit, available to subscribers with digital access included in their subscription.

Which browsers work best for viewing archives.newyorker.com?

For best results, use the latest versions of Safari, Chrome, or Firefox.

I can get to the cover, but then the pages won’t turn. What’s going on?

It’s possible that you are not signed in. This may be a problem with your browser’s cookies. Open your browser’s preferences or settings and delete all cookies related to archives.newyorker.com. Then quit the browser, reopen it, and try signing in again. You may need to update your browser. To access archives.newyorker.com, use the log-in you created on newyorker.com or on your New Yorker mobile apps. If you need assistance, please call 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail help@newyorker.com.

How do I search for articles at archives.newyorker.com?

Hit “Search” in the bottom toolbar, then type in your search term. Choose whether you want to search the current issue or the entire archive, using the red tabs. An “OCR” search will scan every single word in the issue, including those in advertisements.

How can I share articles from archives.newyorker.com?

Because the archive is a subscriber-only benefit, we do not allow sharing at this time. However, for everything published since 2007, you can share the equivalent newyorker.com page, which is a full version of the story, and, for older pieces, a summary of the story, plus a link to view it in the archive viewer, and a prompt to sign in or subscribe for access. Just search for the story on newyorker.com and share from there.

How can I print articles from archives.newyorker.com?

Click “Print” in the bottom toolbar, then click once on every page you want to print. A printer icon will appear at the top of each page once you have selected it. When you have selected the full range of pages you want to print, hit the red “Print” button.

How do I enlarge the text in the archive viewer?

Click once on the page to enlarge it.

Is the archive viewer optimized for tablet browsers?

Yes. If you visit archives.newyorker.com on a tablet browser, you will see a version of our archive viewer that has been optimized for a tablet screen.

Can I buy single issues through the archive viewer?

We no longer offer single digital issues for purchase through our archive viewer, but becoming a subscriber gets you access to all of our issues. Alternatively, you can buy single issues through our magazine app for tablets and smartphones. However, issues published prior to our launch date on each device are not available on that device. Our first iPad issue was October 4, 2010; our first Kindle Fire issue was November 14, 2011; our first Nook Color Tablet issue was December 12, 2011; our first iPhone issue was August 13 & 20, 2012; and our first issue available on Google Play was April 22, 2013.

Back to top

BACK ISSUES

Where can I find back issues of the magazine?

Subscribers with digital access can use archives.newyorker.com to access everything published since 1925. The archive viewer stores every issue of The New Yorker as a digital replica of our print edition, without the digital bonus material available through our magazine app or on newyorker.com. Archive issues can be read via a browser on desktop computers, laptops, and tablets.

Can I get back issues of The New Yorker’s magazine app on my tablet or e-reader?

Certain back issues are available for purchase on some devices. Please note that issues published prior to our launch date on each device are not available on that device. Our first iPad issue was October 4, 2010; our first Kindle Fire issue was November 14, 2011; our first Nook Color Tablet issue was December 12, 2011; our first iPhone issue was August 13 & 20, 2012; and our first issue available on Google Play was April 22, 2013. Subscribers can visit archives.newyorker.com for digital access to everything published since 1925.

Are printed back issues available?

Select individual issues going back to 1925 are available, through our Back Issues Department, for $10.50 each. For orders outside the United States (including Canada), the price per issue is $11.45. These prices include shipping and handling.

To order by credit card (we accept MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Discover, and Diners Club) or for expedited service, please call 800-825-2510 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States).

If you would like to pay by check or money order, please send your request—including the cover date of the issue—to:

The New Yorker Back Issues, P.O. Box 37684, Boone, IA 50037-0684

Your order must be accompanied by a check or an international postal money order payable to The New Yorker.

Back to top

THE CARTOON CAPTION CONTEST

What is the Cartoon Caption Contest?

Each week, we provide a cartoon in need of a caption. You, the reader, submit your caption below, we choose three finalists, and you vote for your favorite. Anyone age thirteen or older can enter or vote. To read the complete rules, click here.

Can anyone participate in the Cartoon Caption Contest? What are the rules?

Anyone age thirteen or over can enter, except employees, agents, or representatives of the sponsor or any other party associated with the development or administration of the contest, or any member of their immediate family. To read the complete rules, click here.

Do I have to be a subscriber to submit a cartoon caption or to vote in the Cartoon Caption Contest?

No, even if you are not a subscriber, you can enter or vote in the Cartoon Caption Contest here. You will just need to sign in or create a newyorker.com log-in if you have not done so before.

Back to top

NEWSLETTERS, SOCIAL MEDIA, PODCASTS AND AUDIO

How do I sign up for e-mail newsletters?

Please visit newyorker.com/newsletters and use the form to sign up for any of our newsletters. Our newsletter offerings include The Daily, This Week’s Issue, The Sunday Archive, Daily Humor, The Borowitz Report, The New Yorker Recommends, Fiction, Podcasts, John Cassidy, Amy Davidson Sorkin, and more.

I signed up for your newsletters—why am I not receiving them regularly?

Please check your junk folder. If the problem persists, please call us at 800-444-7570 (or 515-243-3273, if outside the United States) or e-mail TNYinbox@newyorker.com.

Where can I find a list of all your RSS feeds?

Please visit newyorker.com/about/feeds.

How can I follow The New Yorker on social media?

You can follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr, LinkedIn, and Snapchat, where we’re newyorkermag. Find New Yorker cartoons on Instagram and Facebook. And our photo and art departments are on Instagram as well.

Do your contributors have social-media feeds? Where can I find them?

Visit newyorker.com/contributors to find out more about our writers and artists, including information on how to follow them on social media, where to read their latest stories, and more.

How can I listen to your podcasts?

You can listen to the New Yorker Radio Hour, the Political Scene, our two fiction series, and our poetry podcast on our podcast hub, or by downloading our podcasts, for free, from iTunes or wherever you listen to podcasts.

How can I listen to audio versions of your articles?

The New Yorker is no longer available on Audible, but we now offer an audio edition produced by our partners at Audm. It can be accessed in the Audm app, via the App store or Google Play, and requires a separate subscription to Audm. Alternatively, you can listen to several magazine pieces each week at newyorker.com or in the New Yorker Today app; if an audio version is available, you'll find it embedded at the top of the story.

When is the New Yorker Festival?

Held every fall, the New Yorker Festival is an annual celebration that brings the breadth and the spirit of the magazine to life across New York City. In the course of a weekend, New Yorker writers and editors sit down with the world’s leading writers, artists, filmmakers, actors, comedians, politicians, activists, and athletes. The festival also features live performances, film previews, and excursions throughout the city. For more details, visit https://festival.newyorker.com/.



