
May I Purchase Additional Miles?
Yes. You can purchase miles for yourself or you can purchase miles for your family and friends. Additionally, your company or organization can reward employees and customers with miles through SkyMiles Incentivesopens in a new window™.


How Can I Earn Miles Through Delta And Its Many Partners?
You should check out the Earning Miles section for all the ways you can earn miles with us and our SkyMiles Partners.


Can I Combine Cabin Types And/Or Award Levels In A Single Award Ticket?
Starting July 21, 2016, SkyMiles Members have the option to book different cabins on the outbound and return flights of the same round-trip ticket. This means you can relax in Delta Comfort+® on your way to your destination and enjoy our premium Delta One® cabin to return home refreshed and rested.

Can I Use My Miles On Partner Airlines?
Yes. Award Travel on delta.com is limited to travel on Delta, Delta Connection®, Aeroflot, Aerolineas Argentina, Aeromexico, Air France, Alitalia, China Airlines, China Eastern, China Southern, Garuda Indonesia, GOL, Hawaiian Airlines, KLM, Korean Air, Mandarin Airlines, Middle East Airlines, Saudia, Shanghai Airlines, Tarom Airlines, Vietnam Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, Virgin Australia, WestJet and Xiamen Airlines. For travel on other SkyMiles airline partners, call 800-323-2323* or the number on the back of your SkyMiles membership card and have your password available. Non-U.S. based customers can contact us for assistance.


How Do I Transfer My Award Ticket To Someone Else?
At the time reservations are made, the member may designate that the Award Ticket be issued in the name of another person.

How Many Miles Are In My Account?
Once you're logged-in as a SkyMiles member, you'll find your account balance in the upper left hand corner of the page. Or go to the SkyMiles page and see your mileage summary.

What Will The Redeposit Fee Be If I Cancel An Award Booking?
The Award Ticket redeposit fee is $150 USD. This fee is waived for Diamond and Platinum Medallion members. Award Tickets not canceled at least 72 hours prior to the originating flight departure time are nonrefundable.

Can Award Tickets Be Changed?
Yes. Members can make changes to an Award Ticket up to 72 hours prior to the original departure time (outbound or return). All taxes and fees associated with that ticket will apply. The fee for reissues is $150 USD. The fee is waived for Diamond and Platinum Medallion members, provided the member makes changes at least 72 hours prior to the original flight departure time. Miles for Award Travel are nonrefundable for flights canceled or changed within 72 hours of the original flight departure time. See Award Travel Fees for full terms and conditions.


How are the waivers applied? Is it based on the passenger traveling or the account used for the redemption?
The waiver for redeposit and reissue is based on the status of the SkyMiles account from which the miles are being redeemed. If the miles were redeemed from either a Diamond or Platinum Medallion member’s account, then the fees will be waived.
