I just designed my Tesla and submitted my order. What are the next steps?

There is a three day window when changes can be made to your order before your vehicle design is submitted to the factory. The e-mail address and password used while configuring your Tesla will be your login for your Tesla Account. Here, you can continue to make changes to your design up until the end of your three day window. The Delivery Team will contact you once you have a VIN assigned, and your Tesla enters production. The most current production timing can be found online in the Design studio before you place your order.



 
Can I change my order after the three day waiting period?

Once your order has been submitted to the factory, changes typically cannot be made because we immediately begin sourcing parts for your custom Tesla. If we are able to accommodate a change request after the three day waiting period, a $500 fee will be applied per change. Please contact your sales advisor for questions regarding changes to your order configuration.

 

TESLA ACCOUNT
 
What is a Tesla Account?

Your Tesla Account is your online account for all Tesla cars and energy products you may own or order. You will need to access your Tesla Account to input your registration information, view warranty and charging installation guides, access owner’s manuals, submit final payment, and receive important updates from Tesla. Please note that all information in your Tesla Account directly affects the spelling and punctuation on your registration documents. Your account also includes links for financing and trade-ins.

The “My Profile” section allows you to edit your name, e-mail, username, mailing address, e-mail settings and add an additional contact to your account. The “My Documents” section allows you to upload required documents, such as your driver’s license, and houses documents uploaded by Tesla, such as your purchase agreement. You will also find your current Estimated Delivery timing in your Tesla Account. This timing is based off of the current production schedule and the time needed for transit and delivery preparation. 

 

DELIVERY
 
How do I pick up my vehicle?

Our Delivery Team has the following delivery options:

Tesla Direct:
For eligible customers, a Tesla representative will drive your new Tesla to the address of your choosing (residential or commercial), where you will sign your paperwork and receive a brief car introduction that will cover the basics of operating your new Tesla.


Service Center Pick-up:
Pick up your car at your nearest Service Center, sign your paperwork and receive a brief car introduction that will cover the basics of operating your new Tesla.


Carrier Direct:
Offered to customers that live more than 220 miles away from the nearest Service Center, your Tesla will be delivered by a 3rd party carrier at your convenience to the address of your choosing (residential or commercial). Payment in full is required before the car will ship, and a window for delivery will then be provided. Carrier Direct is limited to customers with addresses in the continental United States.


Our Service Centers have limited space and are unable to store cars. Please be prepared to pick up your car within three days of its arrival at the Service Center. Prior to your appointment, our expert staff will perform a pre-delivery inspection and verify that your car is detailed and charged.

Please review your contract and other documents prior to the delivery appointment. To make sure you are familiar with the features and functionality of your car before you pick it up, view the Tesla video guides.

 

 
Tesla doesn’t have a Service Center in my state. Can I still pick up my Tesla at a Service Center in a different state?

Although we always encourage experiencing delivery at one of our Service Centers, some states do have regulations against taking delivery in a state different from the state where registration will occur. Please discuss delivery options with your Delivery Experience Specialist.

 

 
My delivery date is approaching. How will I know when my car gets here?

Once your vehicle has arrived at the Service Center and the final inspection is complete, the Delivery Team will contact you to confirm your Delivery Day appointment or Home Delivery Service.

 

 
Can I avoid the destination fee if I pick up my Tesla at the factory or a Service Center?

The destination fee is the same for all US and Canadian cars, regardless of delivery method or location (including pickup at the Tesla Factory).

 

PAYMENT
 
What are the accepted methods of payment?

Final payment may be remitted via electronic check (direct debit) or ACH transfer in your Tesla Account, wire transfer or cashier’s check at time of pick-up. Credit cards can only be used for the initial deposit. Please confirm your method of payment with your Tesla representative prior to Delivery Day, as in some states, we must receive payment before delivery, and therefore cannot accept a payment at time of pick-up.

 

 
How much do I owe before I take delivery of my vehicle?

Before driving off with your new Tesla, we require that the balance be paid in full, either personally or by way of guarantee from a financing institution. To help you take delivery as quickly as possible, we provide an itemized breakdown of the final payment on the Motor Vehicle Purchase Agreement (MVPA) per your car’s configuration, including any applicable taxes and fees. If you choose to finance through a 3rd party bank or credit union, the financed amount will be listed on your MVPA. the Your MVPA will be generated after you have confirmed all delivery information with your Delivery Specialist. You will find your MVPA in the “My Documents” section of your Tesla Account profile. If you don’t see it here, please reach out to your Delivery Specialist.

 

 
I don’t live in California; do I still have to pay California sales tax?

If you live in a state where Tesla has a sales license, the final amount due will include sales tax specific to your state of registration. If you live in a state where we do not have a sales license, you will pay applicable sales tax to your state when you register your car. Please note that if you take delivery of your vehicle in California, we are required to collect California sales tax even if the vehicle will be registered in another state. We recommend discussing all tax concerns with your tax professional.

 

 
When and why must I pay ahead of time?

In states where Tesla has yet to obtain a sales license, we are required to complete the transactional portion of the vehicle sale prior to the physical vehicle pick-up. Once the terms and conditions of the purchase have been accepted (either in your Tesla Account or via electronic signing), and payment has been made, we can consider the sale complete and move forward with getting you behind the wheel of your new vehicle. The real benefit here is freedom from the hassle of any administrative items: delivery day becomes just about you and your new Tesla!

 

 
What does it mean that Tesla does not have a sales license in my state?

All states require dealers of new motor vehicles to be licensed under a state agency. In states where Tesla is not licensed as a motor vehicle dealer, the purchase of your Tesla will be considered an out-of-state transaction.

There are a few states where manufacturers are not permitted to sell directly to end consumers; they must sell through a third party or middleman dealer. As Tesla pioneers and introduces new technology, our belief is that our customers have a better purchase and ownership experience by dealing directly with us. Indeed, our customers have confirmed this. Unfortunately, we have been blocked from direct sales in a number of states. In some, we are able to host visitors in a gallery-type setting, and in others we have been dissuaded entirely from setting up a location. Of course, we would love to have a sales license in all 50 states and cater to our customers to the fullest extent possible! You can play an important role in making this happen by contacting your local state representative and letting them know you want Tesla to be able to conduct business in your state.

 

 
How do I pay via wire or electronic check (direct debit) through my Tesla Account for my final payment?

When all the preparations have been made for final payment, a payment module will appear in your Tesla Account. You will be able to select between paying via wire or electronic check. To pay with electronic check (direct debit) you will need your bank account number and routing number, along with your billing address to complete the transaction. It may take 1 to 3 business days for you to see the funds leave your account. If you select wire, you will be given instructions on how to wire the balance to Tesla. You’ll need your Reservation Number (RN) in order to wire your final payment to us.

 

 
Can I make payments from more than one account?

Yes, simply enter the amount you’d like to pay using the payment module in your Tesla Account along with the appropriate account details and submit the payment. When you’re ready to make the next payment, repeat the payment process with the applicable amount and respective account information.

 

FINANCING/LEASING
 
When do I apply for Tesla Financing or Leasing?

Applications are valid for 30-days, so we advise you apply for financing or leasing once you are within that time frame of delivery.

 

 
How do I apply for Tesla Financing or Leasing?

Tesla Financing is currently available in CA, CO, FL, GA, HI, IL, IN, MD, MA, MN, MO, NV, NJ, NY, NC, OH, OR, PA, TN, VA and WA. You can submit your credit application online in your Tesla Account. After submitting the application, the Tesla Financing team will contact you within 48 hours. If you have questions, you may contact them directly at autofinance@tesla.com.

 

 
Can I finance with my own bank or credit union?

Yes. To finance with a 3rd party bank or credit union, you must provide them with your VIN, which will be found in your Tesla Account once it has been assigned. In order to apply 3rd party financing to your purchase, Tesla requires the name of the funding institution, the exact dollar amount of your loan, and the lien-holder address and phone number.

 

 
What purchase options are available at the end of the lease?

You can purchase your leased Tesla at the end of the lease, as specified in the lease agreement, for the residual value plus any amounts remaining due under the lease, taxes, official fees, etc. associated with the purchase.

 

 
Is early buyout allowed? If so, what's involved in breaking a lease?

The lease does contain provisions for early termination. Generally, terminating a lease early can be very expensive, often involving costs of several thousands of dollars. Customers who lease should do so expecting to remain in it for the full 36 months.

 

TRADE-IN
 
What kind of vehicles does Tesla accept?

Tesla accepts cars, trucks, vans and SUVs on trade-in towards the purchase of a new or used Tesla. Obtain a quote on your current vehicle here.

 

 
How does Tesla determine the price of my vehicle?

All Tesla trade values are generated out of a standard calculation based on vehicle configuration, history, mileage and age. The resulting value is based on market data and internal Tesla product knowledge. Non-Tesla trade-in values are based solely on Kelley Blue Book (KBB) good condition trade values.

 

 
What is the process of a trade-in?

To obtain a quote, log into your Tesla Account to submit your current vehicle information. Once complete, you will be asked to complete an in-person self-inspection using your mobile phone so that Tesla can provide you with an official trade-in offer. You can also use the Tesla trade-in calculator to receive an instant quote based on a Kelley Blue Book ™ 'Good' value. To obtain a quote, log into your Tesla Account or submit your current vehicle information here. After your order is placed, your delivery profile will ask for any additional information that is required.

 

 
Can I still trade in my vehicle even though I am still in a lease?

You can trade-in your vehicle if you are still making payments. Tesla will calculate and compare the payoff amount, early termination penalty (if applicable) and any equity (positive or negative) will be added to your Motor Vehicle Purchase Agreement. You will not need to pay off lease or loan in full prior to trading in that vehicle.

 

 
Can I apply the value of my trade-in vehicle to the total purchase of my Tesla?

You can apply any applicable positive equity towards the purchase of your new or used Tesla. If you have negative equity, it may be possible to roll some of this into your Tesla purchase. Most of the time, however, you will have to pay some or all of the negative equity.

 

REGISTRATION
 
Can I register my car with two names, but only take out a loan in one name?

No, your registration must match the names on the loan for your vehicle. This requirement applies to both Tesla Financing and 3rd party financing. You can directly edit your registration information in your Tesla Account.

 

 
Can I register my car to a business?

Yes, you may register your vehicle to your business. Special conditions apply when it comes to financing under a business, so please consult with your Delivery Specialist.

 

 
Can I register my car to a trust?

Yes, you may register your car to a trust if you are paying cash or financing with a 3rd party institution. Registration under a trust is not possible with Tesla Financing, and certain 3rd party banks and credit unions may have their own restrictions. You will be asked to list all trustees in your Tesla Account.

 

 
When and how will I receive my license plate(s)?

On the day of your delivery, you will drive away using a temporary registration sticker to use while you wait for Tesla to process your documents and send your registration and license plate to your registration address. For customers who live in states where Tesla does not have a sales license, Tesla will ship a Fed Ex package to the registration address after delivery. This will contain everything needed to visit a local department of motor vehicles and register the vehicle in person.

 

PREPARING FOR DELIVERY
 
What information do you need from me before delivery?

Please log into your Tesla Account and provide your registration address, the full legal names of all persons to be listed on the registration (must match your driver’s license) and your current auto insurance company, policy number and expiration date. Please upload a copy of all registrants’ drivers’ licenses and a copy of your current auto insurance policy to the “My Documents” section in your Tesla Account. Additional information may be requested of you in your Tesla Account depending on your state of residence, so please be sure to read through the instructions carefully.

 

 
Do I need to have my insurance policy active for my Tesla before delivery?

Some states require that your insurance for your Tesla be active by delivery. Your Delivery Experience Specialist will let you know if this is required. If you are financing with Tesla, you will need to provide proof of an active insurance policy for your Tesla by the time of delivery, regardless of state.

 

 
Who must be present at delivery?

All people listed on the registration must be present to sign at delivery.

 

 
What do I need to bring with me to delivery?

Please bring the following for all people listed on the registration:

The driver’s licenses
Copy of the current auto insurance (or proof of Tesla policy, if required)
Final payment (if picking up your vehicle in a Tesla sales licensed state)
Title of your trade-in (if trading in your vehicle)
Please also remember to bring your Tesla Account login credentials (username and password). If you have forgotten your password, you can reset it here.

 

 
How do I install charging for my Tesla at home?

Find out more information about home charging installation and read frequently asked questions on home charging. If you have any additional questions or would like assistance finding an electrician in your area, please contact our charging team at (650) 681-6133 or charginginstallation@tesla.com.

 

 
How do I get the Tesla app?

The Tesla mobile app can be found on the Apple App Store or on Google Play for Android. For safety reasons, while your Tesla is at the factory or in transit to the Service Center, the mobile app will connect to your car fifteen minutes before taking delivery.

 

OTHER DELIVERY QUESTIONS
 
Where can I find more information about the tax incentives in my state?

The U.S. government offers a $1,875 federal tax credit with the purchase of new electric vehicles acquired for personal use. This means that even with Tesla Financing, you may still qualify. You will receive this credit when you file your taxes the following year (this is a credit that offsets your income tax liability). To find out more about local state incentives, please visit our incentives page and choose your applicable state.

 

 
Can I export my Tesla outside the US, Canada or Europe?

If you export your Tesla outside of the market for which it was built, Tesla will be unable to service your vehicle until it has been brought back to its home market. There is also a possibility that an exported Tesla will not be compatible with the electrical and charging infrastructure in countries for which it was not designed and homologated. For these reasons, we strongly recommend that you purchase a Tesla in the market where you plan to drive it. Tesla vehicles are currently sold and serviced in the US, Canada, Europe and Asia Pacific.

 

SERVICE/WARRANTIES
 
What kind of warranties does a Tesla come with?

All new Tesla vehicles come with the New Vehicle Limited Warranty. The New Vehicle Warranty begins on the first day a new vehicle is put into use by delivery to the first purchaser, or by leasing or registering as a company car or demo car, whichever comes first. The New Vehicle Warranty includes the Basic Vehicle Limited Warranty, the Supplemental Restraint System ("SRS") Limited Warranty, and the Battery and Drive Unit Limited Warranty. For more information on each of these specific warranties, please review our Vehicle Warranty.

 

 
Does Tesla have an Extended Service Agreement?

Yes. Extended service plans are available for Model S and Model X. You can find more information about the Extended Service Agreement on our support page.

 

 
What sort of warranties does a used Tesla come with?

Tesla’s Used Vehicle Limited Warranty gives additional peace of mind to owners of used cars purchased directly from Tesla. For further details, review the Used Vehicle Limited Warranty.
