

Choosing the right account
 How can I avoid incurring the monthly service fees on a checking or savings account?
If you maintain minimum or average balance requirements and don’t exceed account transaction limits, it is possible to avoid paying certain fees on some of our business checking and savings accounts. Please see individual product pages for more information.
 Can information about Wells Fargo's business accounts be mailed to me?
Yes. For Account Assistance or for more information about opening a business bank account call 1-800-416-8658.
Opening a new account
 How do I apply for a business checking or savings account?
You can apply for most of our checking and savings accounts through our online application. You can apply for all accounts over the phone or in a local branch. Give us a call at 1-800-416-8658 for more information.

 If I provide information via the Internet, is it safe and secure?
For more than 160 years, Wells Fargo has prioritized safety and protection amid an ever-changing world. And we want to assure you that our mission has never been stronger. Please review our Security Guarantee, where we provide our privacy policies and share valuable information about your online security, as well as tips on how you can protect yourself from fraud.

 What is the minimum opening deposit for business accounts?
You can open most of our business accounts with a minimum opening deposit of $25.

 What documentation is required to open a business account?
Visit What you’ll need to open a business deposit account for the documents you will need on hand to open an account.

 Do I need a fictitious name statement?
A fictitious name statement or similar document is required if you are doing business using another name. For example:

Sole proprietors:  John Smith doing business as Smith Lawn Service
Other entities:  ABC Company doing business as 123 Events
Visit What you’ll need to open a business deposit account to learn about the various business documents required to open a business account and how to obtain a fictitious name statement.

 Is a Social Security number necessary to open a business account?
Yes. Every signer on an account must provide a Social Security number before opening a business account.

 How do I resolve ChexSystems issues?
Please contact ChexSystems directly at 1-800-428-9623.

 Can I open a business account if there are no Wells Fargo branches in my state?
Yes. Existing Wells Fargo checking and savings customers can open accounts in any state. View our checking and savings options to see what accounts are available.

You can apply for an account through our online application, over the phone, or in a local branch. Give us a call at 1-800-416-8658 for more information.

Account maintenance
 How do I set up overdraft protection?
Overdraft protection 1 is available from your Wells Fargo business savings account or Wells Fargo business credit account. To set up overdraft protection, please call the National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935 any time, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

 How do I make deposits and/or withdrawals if there isn't a Wells Fargo branch in my town?
You can make a deposit using merchant card deposits, ACH credits, incoming wires, and mail. You can also use mobile banking to make deposits, pay bills, transfer money, and view your account activity.

Withdrawals may be made at a non-Wells Fargo Bank ATM, by writing checks, ACH debits, or outgoing wires (additional fees may apply).

Our Bank by Mail service allows you to perform various bank transactions through the mail. Please call Wells Fargo Business Checks by Harland Clarke at 1-800-237-8982. Agents can help you Monday through Friday, 5 am - 9 pm, Pacific Time, and Saturday, 5 am - 4 pm, Pacific Time.

 How do I order a duplicate statement?
You can order duplicate statements by logging into Wells Fargo Business Online® and submitting your request. You can also order photocopies of bank statements by calling the National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935.

 Can I review and make transactions with my business account online?
Yes. Wells Fargo Business Online® provides free access to both your business and personal accounts, so you can manage your business banking at anytime, anywhere you have Internet access. With access to Wells Fargo Business Online, you can review and transfer funds between your Wells Fargo accounts, request statement and check copies, stop payments, and much more.

 How do I order checks and deposit tickets?
Online

You can order checks and deposit tickets for your eligible business accounts online. Order now

By Phone

Call Harland Clarke at 1-800-237-8982. Agents are available to assist you Monday through Friday, 5 am to 9 pm Pacific Time, and Saturday 5 am to 4 pm Pacific Time.

Check Styles

You can view all of the Business Check Styles as well as accessories and enhancements by viewing our Business Check Solutions Catalog (PDF)*.

 How do I replace a lost ATM card?
To replace an ATM card, please call our National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935.

 How do I send money abroad?
You can send money abroad through wire transfers. Your original signature is required, so you must initiate the process in person at a Wells Fargo branch.

 How do I set up a wire transfer?
Send a wire
If you wish to send a wire, you must visit your local Wells Fargo branch to provide an original signature; wire instructions cannot be accepted through email or fax. Also, please note:

Only signers on the account with proper identification may initiate a wire.
While at the branch, you can complete a wire agreement and order a PIN that will allow you to initiate future wires over the phone or set up recurring wires that will be sent to the same account on a regular basis.
You will receive your PIN by mail within 10 to 14 business days. Your Wells Fargo branch representative can give you all the details.
If you are sending overseas wires, foreign currency wire transfers are available. For assistance with Foreign Currency Wire Transfers, call 1-800-786-5593 or visit your local Wells Fargo branch and speak with a banker.
Note: There are fees for sending and receiving wire transfers. Please ask a banker at your local Wells Fargo branch for fee information.

Receive a wire
To receive a wire, you have two options:

Use Wells Fargo's FedWire routing transit number for domestic wires: 121000248
Use Wells Fargo's Swift BIC code for international wires: WFBIUS6S
For any of the above options, you must provide the following information to the originator of the wire:

Bank Name: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
City/State: San Francisco, CA (regardless of where your account is located)
Account number: Your complete Wells Fargo account number (including leading zeroes)
Account title: The name or title of the account as it appears on the bank statement
Note: There are fees for sending and receiving wire transfers. Please ask a banker at your local Wells Fargo branch for fee information.

 How do I set up a recurring transfer?
To set up a recurring transfer between your eligible Wells Fargo business accounts2, sign on to Wells Fargo Business Online Banking®, then select the Transfers tab.

About recurring transfers:

If a transfer date falls on a weekend or holiday, we will credit the transfer to your account on the next business day.
You can change or delete your recurring transfer by selecting the Transfers tab and clicking the View/Edit link in the action column of the transfer you want to change.
We do not offer the ability to set up recurring transfers between Wells Fargo customers.
 How do I reactivate my inactive account?
Checking and Savings

Here are some common ways you can reactivate your account (some options may not be available for your account):

Sign on to Wells Fargo Business Online®, go to Account Summary, and select the option to reactivate your account that is displayed next to the inactive account
Transfer funds online to this account
Transfer funds online from the inactive account to another Wells Fargo account
Make a deposit into this account using Wells Fargo Mobile® Deposit, or at a Wells Fargo ATM or banking location
Make a withdrawal from this account at a Wells Fargo ATM or banking location
Write a check that is paid from this account
Call us anytime at 1-800-225-5935 or visit a Wells Fargo location
To find a banking location near you, visit wellsfargo.com/locator
Time Accounts (CDs)

Please call us anytime at 1-800-225-5935 or visit a Wells Fargo banking location.

Customers outside of the United States can call Wells Fargo customer service toll-free from most countries – International Access Codes https://www.wellsfargo.com/help/international-access-codes/

 How do I reactivate my dormant account?
Please call us anytime at 1-800-225-5935 or visit a Wells Fargo location. To find a banking location near you, visit wellsfargo.com/locator. Reactivation may take up to 3 business days.

Customers outside of the United States can call Wells Fargo customer service toll-free from most countries – International Access Codes https://www.wellsfargo.com/help/international-access-codes/

Changing account information
 How do I change my account from one business checking or savings account to another?
You can change the checking or savings product by visiting your local Wells Fargo branch, or if you prefer, you can call our National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

 How do I add an additional signer to an existing business account?
To add an additional signer to an existing account, you will need to update your current signature card or, depending on the type of business you maintain and the type of account you have, you may need to open a new business account. To find out what is required in your particular case, visit your local Wells Fargo branch, or call our National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935.

 How do I change my name on my business checking or savings account?
In order to change a name on your account, you need to complete a new signature card. Please visit your nearest Wells Fargo branch or call our National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935 and we can help you with your request.

 How do I make a change of address?
To make a change of address and order new checks you may log into a secured Wells Fargo Business Online session and submit a request. You can also request the change through a Wells Fargo branch or through the National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935.

 How do I obtain a new signature card?
To obtain a new signature card, visit your local Wells Fargo branch or contact our National Business Banking Center at 1-800-225-5935. Only a business owner or an authorized signer can add or delete signers on an account.

 How do I close a business deposit account?
We appreciate your business, but if you need or want to close your account, the information provided will assist you in completing your request.

Step 1: Prepare your account for closure:

Your account must have a positive or zero balance.
All deposits, outstanding and pending items must be posted.
Step 2: Contact us to close your account:

Call us at 1-800-225-5935
Or visit a Wells Fargo near you.
If outside of the U.S., complete the Account Closure or Partial Withdrawal Request form and send it to us by mail.
Important Reminders:

Accounts with a zero balance will continue to be charged applicable fees (like the monthly service fee) until you request to close your account.
Any recurring payments or withdrawals from your account need to be cancelled before your request to close (examples include bill payments, and debit card payments) otherwise, they may be returned unpaid.
Certain conditions on your account may prevent closure:
Inactive accounts need to be reactivated before they can be closed. Ask your banker to reactivate your account. Or you can sign on to Online Banking to see if you have the option to reactivate your account online.
Claims, disputes, legal or bank restrictions need to be resolved.
Balance sweep feature needs to be removed.
Funds pledged for collateral or other purposes need to be released.
Overdrawn accounts need to be brought back to a zero or a positive balance. This information may help you avoid additional transactions and fees:
Ask your banker to unenroll your account from the Debit Card Overdraft Service.
Review your statements for automatic transactions and cancel them by contacting the merchant(s).
When you have previously authorized transactions, such as ATM and debit card transactions, transfers, Wells Fargo Online Bill Pay transactions, and Business Payroll Services transactions presented for payment and your account doesn’t have enough money, we will pay the item(s) into overdraft and an overdraft fee may be assessed.
When checks and checking account automatic payments (ACH) are presented for payment and your account doesn’t have enough money, we may pay the item(s) into overdraft or return the item(s) unpaid and overdraft or return item (Non-Sufficient Funds/NSF) fees may be assessed.
How do I close a CD (Time account)?

Call us at 1-800-225-5935
Or visit a Wells Fargo branch near you.
Or complete the Account Closure or Partial Withdrawal Request form and send it to us by mail.
Please note: Early withdrawal penalties may apply if you make withdrawals or close a CD before the maturity date. In addition, the Bank does not pay interest from the maturity date to the date of withdrawal on any amount withdrawn during the grace period. If you make a final transfer or withdrawal, you will have to wait until that item posts.

If you would like to close your Loan, Line of Credit, or other type of account, please call the appropriate customer service department listed on your statement or in this phone directory.

1.
Subject to applicable transfer or advance fees.

2.For recurring transfers, eligible accounts include: Business checking and business savings accounts.
See the Business Account Fee and Information Schedule and Deposit Account Agreement for additional business account information.

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC.

Wells Fargo Works for Small Business®
Access articles, tips, and videos to help you grow your business.

Wells Fargo Works

Still have questions?
  Make an Appointment
  Find a Location
  Call Us
About Wells FargoCareersPrivacy, Cookies, Security & LegalReport FraudSitemapHomeDiversity & Accessibility
© 1999 - 2019 Wells Fargo. All rights reserved. NMLSR ID 399801